update extensions documentation for Rancher 2.9 updates (#11362)
rancher/dashboard: docusaurus/docs/extensions/rancher-2.9-support.md

> If your extension is using Shell `0.5.3` and you **don't need** to be compliant with Rancher 2.9.0, there's no update to do.

These changes bring Shell versions in line with standard versioning patterns. Only major version updates are expected to container breaking changes, minor and patch versions should not.

## How to update your extension for Rancher 2.9.0

- In the root of your extension repository update `package.json` `@rancher/shell` to the new `2.9.0` version and `yarn install` to fetch it. Then do a local build of your extensions and `Developer Load` them on the desired Rancher version to confirm everything works as expected. Check documentation about a Developer Load [here](./extensions-getting-started#test-built-extension-by-doing-a-developer-load).

- Before publishing it, add annotation(s) to your extension `pkg/<-YOUR EXTENSION->/package.json` like:

```
{
  "name": "your-extension",
  "description": "your-extension description",
  "version": "1.2.1",
  "rancher": {
    "annotations": {
      "catalog.cattle.io/rancher-version": ">= 2.9.0",
      "catalog.cattle.io/ui-extensions-version": ">= 2.0.1"
    }
  },
  ....
}
```

> > With these annotations your extension will be restricted to Rancher version greater or equal to `2.9.0` and will also be restricted to a UI Extensions version (Shell version) greater than or equal to `2.0.1`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> With these annotations your extension will be restricted to Rancher version greater or equal to `2.9.0` and will also be restricted to a UI Extensions version (Shell version) greater or equal to `2.0.1`.  
```

Reviewer: Not sure if it's gh fail, but i don't see this change and the one below

# Rancher 2.9 update

## What happened

> With the release of Rancher 2.9 some breaking changes were introduced to improve performance on how Rancher Dashboard deals with k8s resources in order to present it's views to the users (create, edit, detail, list views).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher 2.9.0 contains many improvements, unfortunately some make necessary changes that invalidate certain versions of Rancher Extensions working with certain versions of Rancher.
```

> With that in mind, we have made some important changes to the Shell package (our core JS package) which needed to be updated so that extensions would work with this release of Rancher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support these changes we have made some importance changes to Rancher Shell (our core JS package) which helps and protects version compatibility.
```

## What changed in Shell

> At the time of writing this documentation, the latest stable Shell version was `0.5.3`. We've now updated the Shell versioning system in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before Rancher 2.9.0 was released, the latest stable Shell version was `0.5.3`. From 2.9.0 we have updated the Shell versioning system in the following way:
```

![Shell versioning 2.9](./screenshots/shell-update-2.9-diagram.png)

Effectively, we've had to split Shell into two different versions:

- `1.2.3` - which is compliant with any **pre-2.9** Rancher system (effectively should be the same as using `0.5.3`).

- `2.0.0` - which is compliant and **needed** for a **2.9** Rancher system

> In a nutshell, for future releases of your extension to **work on Rancher 2.9** you will need to do another version of your extension using Shell `2.0.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For future releases of your extension to **work on Rancher 2.9.0** you will need to build and release a new version of your extension using Shell `2.0.0`.
```

> If your extension is using Shell `0.5.3` and you **don't need** to be compliant with Rancher 2.9, there's no update to do.

> The decision to update the versions this way was to ensure that from this point forward we will have the most accurate versioning to present to developers.  

Reviewer: Suggestion for these two paragraphs
```
These changes bring Shell versions in line with standard versioning patterns. Only major version updates are expected to container breaking changes, minor and patch versions should not.
```

Only Major version updates are expected to contain breaking changes. Minor and Patch should not include any breaking changes moving forward.

## How to update your extension for Rancher 2.9

> - Test locally your extension with the new Shell version `2.0.0`. Also do a local build and Developer Load on the desired Rancher system to make sure everything works as expected. Check documentation about a Developer Load [here](./extensions-getting-started#test-built-extension-by-doing-a-developer-load).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the root of your extension repository update `package.json` `@rancher/shell` to the new `2.9.0` version and `yarn install` to fetch it. Then do a local build of your extensions and `Developer Load` them on the desired Rancher version to confirm everything works as expected. Check documentation about a Developer Load [here](./extensions-getting-started#test-built-extension-by-doing-a-developer-load).
```

- Before publishing it, add annotation(s) to your extension `pkg/<-YOUR EXTENSION->/package.json` like:

```
{
  "name": "your-extension",
  "description": "your-extension description",
  "version": "1.2.1",
  "rancher": {
    "annotations": {
      "catalog.cattle.io/rancher-version": ">= 2.9.0",
      "catalog.cattle.io/ui-extensions-version": ">= 2.0.0"
    }
  },
  ....
}
```

> > With these annotations your extension will be "locked" to Rancher version greater than `2.9.0` and will also be "locked" to a UI Extensions version (Shell version) greater than or equal to `2.0.0`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> With these annotations your extension will be restricted to Rancher version greater or equal to `2.9.0` and will also be restricted to a UI Extensions version (Shell version) greater than or equal to `2.0.0`.  
```

> These are not mandatory but rather a good practice so that your future extension versions are correctly bound to the different systems/versions.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are not mandatory but highly recommended to ensure your extension versions reference Rancher / Shell versions they're compatible with.  
```

For more information about the annotation we allow for, check the documentation [here](./extensions-configuration#configurable-annotations).

> - After the above steps, just publish a new version of the extension with Shell `2.0.0`. That published version should now be compliant with Rancher 2.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After the above steps, just publish a new version of the extension. That published version should now be compliant with Rancher 2.9.0.
```
